Hi, my name is Brandon Sarkis on behalf of
Expert Village. Today I'm going to take a
few minutes and show you how to make pot roast.
Next up, celery. And you're probably going
to be asking me, man why did you get such
ugly celery? You can see this celery is a
little narly looking on the end. First of
all, I can cut that off. That end is no longer
narly looking. But you can see there's a couple
of nicks in it and it's kind of scratched
up over here. Reason why, is because I believe
the only time you should use really attractive
produce, it's you know, physically attractive
is if it's important to the dish. This is
going to get cut up so small in the dish,
we're talking like little slices, that it's
going to cook out and it's going to turn into
you know, it's going to turn into a texture
and flavor ingredient. Not a primary visual
appeal ingredient like the potato or the carrot
or the beef. So, it doesn't matter if I use
a piece of celery that's got a nick in the
back or it's got a dent over here. So what
we're going to do is we're going to take our
celery and we're going to cut it from top
to bottom, just like that. We're going to
split the rib, all the way up. Then we're
going to flip it around like we did the carrot.
Same kind of rule, same rule applies. And
then, I'll just cut all these at once just
to make things go faster. So we're just going
to go with a nice, I go for a nice diagonal
cut just to make it look a little bigger,
just add a little depth to our dish. But for
the most part, woopsie, we're just going to
go with something kind of small. The reason
being that, like I said, this isn't, this
is an aromatic. This is going to be like your
onion. This isn't going to be something you're
going to seek out in the dish and get a big
bite of celery and go Um that's some tasty
celery! You know, something like this is fine
because as this cooks out along with our onion,
it's going to become one of the base flavors
of the dish. It's not going to become you
know, a primary part of the dish. So with
that being said, let's put our celery aside
and and I've got some potatoes I've got to
cut up next. So, on with the potatoes.